Add missing CLI configs to the table (#2889)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/configure-cli.md

| `container.binary`               | The name of the container engine.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `docker`     | `docker` or `podman` |
| `context`               | The context for your Astro project.                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Empty string     | Any available [context](cli/astro-context-list.md) |
| `disable_astro_run`     | Determines whether to disable `astro run` commands and exclude `astro-run-dag` from any images built by the CLI.                                                                                                                                    | `false`          | `true`, `false`                                    |

> | `duplicate_volumes`        | Determines if Astro creates duplicate volumes. Should be set to `false` if you use Podman 3.                                                                                                                                                                                      | `true` | `true` or `false`                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `duplicate_volumes`        | Determines whether the Astro CLI creates duplicate volumes when running Airflow locally.                                                                                                                                                                                      | `true` | `true` or `false`                                 |
```

Reviewer: Because already mention this config in the Podman setup, I think it's okay to only mention the Podman related details in the Podman doc. Realistically, a Podman user won't know to look at this reference guide to find this info - they'll see it in the setup instead.
